@c Copyright 1992, 1993, 1994, 1996, 1997, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002,
@c 2003, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009
@c Free Software Foundation, Inc.
@c This file is part of the documentation for the GAS manual

@c Configuration settings for all-inclusive version of manual

@c switches:------------------------------------------------------------
@c Properties of the manual
@c ========================
@c Discuss all architectures?
@set ALL-ARCH
@c A generic form of manual (not tailored to specific target)?
@set GENERIC
@c Include text on assembler internals?
@clear INTERNALS
@c Many object formats supported in this config?
@set MULTI-OBJ

@c Object formats of interest
@c ==========================
@set AOUT
@set COFF
@set ELF
@set SOM

@c CPUs of interest
@c ================
@clear ALPHA
@clear ARC
@set ARM
@clear AVR
@clear Blackfin
@clear CR16
@clear CRIS
@clear D10V
@clear D30V
@clear H8/300
@clear HPPA
@clear I370
@clear I80386
@clear I860
@clear I960
@clear IA64
@clear IP2K
@clear LM32
@clear M32C
@clear M32R
@clear xc16x
@clear M68HC11
@clear M680X0
@clear MCORE
@set MCS
@clear MICROBLAZE
@clear MIPS
@clear MMIX
@clear MS1
@clear MSP430
@clear PDP11
@clear PJ
@set PPC
@clear S390
@clear SCORE
@clear SH
@clear SPARC
@clear TIC54X
@clear V850
@clear VAX
@clear XTENSA
@clear Z80
@clear Z8000

@c Does this version of the assembler use the difference-table kludge?
@set DIFF-TBL-KLUGE

@c Do all machines described use IEEE floating point?
@clear IEEEFLOAT

@c Is a word 32 bits, or 16?
@clear W32
@set W16

@c Do symbols have different characters than usual?
@clear SPECIAL-SYMS

@c strings:------------------------------------------------------------
@c Name of the assembler:
@set AS as
@c Name of C compiler:
@set GCC gcc
@c Name of linker:
@set LD ld
@c Text for target machine (best not used in generic case; but just in case...)
@set TARGET machine specific
@c Name of object format NOT SET in generic version
@clear OBJ-NAME
